docs: update kspm eck instructions (#3055)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/get-started-with-kspm.asciidoc

2. Apply the manifest using the `kubectl apply -f` command. For example: `kubectl apply -f elastic-agent-managed-kubernetes.yaml`

After a few minutes, a message confirming the {agent} enrollment appears, followed by a message confirming that data is incoming. You can then click *View assets* to see where the newly-collected configuration information appears throughout {kib}, including the <<findings-page,Findings page>> and the <<cloud-posture-dashboard, Cloud Posture dashboard>>.

[discrete]
[[kspm-eck]]
=== Set up KSPM on ECK deployments

> When running https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-quickstart.html[ECK] deployment, KSPM benchmark will is not support out-of-the-box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run KSPM on an https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-quickstart.html[ECK] deployment,
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with @benironside's edit above, but it's not showing up as applied in the diff or in the rendered HTML preview. Not sure if this is related to other GitHub problems we've been having lately, but commenting here and unresolving the conversation for visibility.

> A patch is required to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html[Elastic Agent CRD] and https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html#k8s-elastic-agent-role-based-access-control[Elastic Agent Cluster-Role]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you must edit the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html[Elastic Agent CRD] and https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html#k8s-elastic-agent-role-based-access-control[Elastic Agent Cluster-Role] .yaml files.
```
Would this be accurate? Just want to make it as specific as possible in case users do not know exactly what you mean by `patch`

.Patch Elastic Agent
[%collapsible]
====

> Add `volumes` and `volumeMonunts` to `podTemplate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `volumes` and `volumeMounts` to `podTemplate`:
```

```yaml
podTemplate:
  spec:
    containers:
    - name: agent
      volumeMounts:
      - name: proc
        mountPath: /hostfs/proc
        readOnly: true
      - name: cgroup
        mountPath: /hostfs/sys/fs/cgroup
        readOnly: true
      - name: varlibdockercontainers
        mountPath: /var/lib/docker/containers
        readOnly: true
      - name: varlog
        mountPath: /var/log
        readOnly: true
      - name: etc-full
        mountPath: /hostfs/etc
        readOnly: true
      - name: var-lib
        mountPath: /hostfs/var/lib
        readOnly: true
      - name: etc-mid
        mountPath: /etc/machine-id
        readOnly: true

>     volumes:

Reviewer: Just want to confirm that `volumes` is not supposed to have anything else in it. Ignore/resolve this if it's correct 👍

Author: Thank you, I somehow missed it

```
====

.Patch RBAC

> [%collapsible]

Reviewer: I liked how in the previous example, you wrote "Add `volumes` and `volumeMounts` to `podTemplate`:", would it make sense to add a similar short description of the change in the RBAC .yaml as well?

2. Apply the manifest using the `kubectl apply -f` command. For example: `kubectl apply -f elastic-agent-managed-kubernetes.yaml`

After a few minutes, a message confirming the {agent} enrollment appears, followed by a message confirming that data is incoming. You can then click *View assets* to see where the newly-collected configuration information appears throughout {kib}, including the <<findings-page,Findings page>> and the <<cloud-posture-dashboard, Cloud Posture dashboard>>.

[discrete]
[[kspm-eck]]
=== Set up KSPM on ECK deployments
To run KSPM on an https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-quickstart.html[ECK] deployment,

> You must edit the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html[Elastic Agent CRD] and https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html#k8s-elastic-agent-role-based-access-control[Elastic Agent Cluster-Role] `.yaml` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you must edit the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html[Elastic Agent CRD] and https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html#k8s-elastic-agent-role-based-access-control[Elastic Agent Cluster-Role] `.yaml` files.
```

> You must edit the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html[Elastic Agent CRD] and https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html#k8s-elastic-agent-role-based-access-control[Elastic Agent Cluster-Role] .yaml files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must edit the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html[Elastic Agent CRD] and https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-elastic-agent-configuration.html#k8s-elastic-agent-role-based-access-control[Elastic Agent Cluster-Role] `.yaml` files.
```

.Patch Elastic Agent
[%collapsible]
====

> Add `volumes` and `volumeMounts` to `podTemplate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `volumes` and `volumeMounts` to `podTemplate`:
```
